Update readme, add .npmrc (#50)
ProjectProtocol/project-protocol-web: README.md

</p>

# Project Protocol Web

Project Protocol web client. Built with Vitejs, React, and Typescript.

### Getting Started - MacOS

1. Clone the project

> 2. Install and use the correct node version with:
> 
> ```shell
> nvm install 16.4 && nvm use 16.4
> ```
> 
> 3. Install [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation#using-homebrew) via Homebrew

Reviewer: The `pnpm` install scripts are designed to work around the node version prerequisite. Once `pnpm` is installed, it will handle node version fetching and switching based on the repository. I think this step could be condensed to just:
```suggestion
2. Install [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation) for your operating system. (MacOS will use either of the [POSIX Systems scripts](https://pnpm.io/installation#on-posix-systems).
```

> 3. Install [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation#using-homebrew) via Homebrew

Reviewer 2: I think this can be shortened to just the first suggested sentence to keep it as generic as possible.

```suggestion
2. Install [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation) for your operating system.
```
